bin/heroes3
games/Heroes3/Heroes_III_Tutorial.pdf
games/Heroes3/README
games/Heroes3/data/h3bitmap.lod
games/Heroes3/data/h3sprite.lod
games/Heroes3/data/heroes3.snd
games/Heroes3/data/heroes3cd.snd
@mode 666
games/Heroes3/data/hiscore.dat
@mode
games/Heroes3/data/video/3dologo.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cevil1.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cevil2.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cgood1.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cgood2.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cgood3.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/cneutral.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/credits.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/credits.pcx
games/Heroes3/data/video/csecret.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/defendall.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/defendloop.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/endgame.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil1a.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil1b.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil1c.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2a.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2ap1.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2ap2.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2b.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2c.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/evil2d.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good1a.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good1b.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good1c.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good2a.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good2b.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good2c.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good2d.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good3a.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good3b.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/good3c.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/h3intro.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/hsanim.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/hsloop.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/lbloop.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/lbstart.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/losecslp.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/losecstl.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/losegame.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/neutrala.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/neutralb.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/neutralc.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/nwclogo.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/pgtrnlft.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/pgtrnrgh.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/progressbar.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/rtloop.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/rtstart.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/secreta.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/secretb.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/secretc.mpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/surrender.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/tavern.mjpg
games/Heroes3/data/video/win3.mjpg
games/Heroes3/heroes3
games/Heroes3/icon.bmp
games/Heroes3/icon.xpm
games/Heroes3/maps/all for one.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/ascension.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/barbarian breakout.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/barbarian breakouta.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/buried treasure.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/crimson and clover.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/crimson and clovera.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/dead and buried.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/divided loyalties.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/divided loyaltiesa.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/dragon orb.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/emerald isles.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/emerald islesa.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/free for all.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/good to go.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/island of fire.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/islands and caves.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/judgement day.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/key to victory.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/knee deep in the dead.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/knight of darkness.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/manifest destiny.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/middletown.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/myth and legend.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/noahs ark.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/overthrow thy neighbors.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/peacemaker.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/pirates.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/race for ardintinny.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/realm of chaos.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/realm of chaosa.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/rebellion.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/rumble in the bogs.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/rumble in the bogsa.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/search for the grail.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/serpents treasure.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/southern cross.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/the five rings.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/the mandate of heaven.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/titans winter.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/tutorial.tut
games/Heroes3/maps/unholy quest.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/vial of life.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/warlords.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/warlordsa.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/warmongers.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/when dragons clash.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/wings of war.h3m
games/Heroes3/maps/xathras prize.h3m
games/Heroes3/mp3/aitheme0.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/aitheme1.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/aitheme2.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic01.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic02.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic03.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic04.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic05.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic06.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic07.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic08.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/campainmusic09.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/combat01.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/combat02.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/combat03.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/combat04.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/cstletown.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/defend castle.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/dirt.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/dungeon.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/eviltheme.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/fortresstown.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/goodtheme.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/grass.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/infernotown.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/lava.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/looplepr.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/lose campain.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/losecastle.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/losecombat.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/mainmenu.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/necrotown.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/neutraltheme.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/rampart.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/retreat battle.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/rough.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/sand.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/secrettheme.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/snow.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/stronghold.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/surrender battle.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/swamp.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/towertown.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/ultimatelose.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/underground.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/water.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/win battle.mp3
games/Heroes3/mp3/win scenario.mp3
